One, two, three, four, one.
♪ She likes the free, fresh ♪
♪ Wind in her hair ♪
♪ Life without care ♪
♪ She's broke, but it's oke ♪
♪ Hates California ♪
♪ It's cold and it's damp ♪
♪ That's why the lady ♪
♪ That's why
the lady ♪
♪ That's why the lady ♪
♪ Is a scamp. ♪
( piano ends song )
Ha...
So, what do
you think?
Not bad.
But the lady
is a "tramp"
not a scamp.
Tramp, right.
So, do I get the... "gig"?
Sorry, pally.
But Dr. Bashir said you're
looking for an opening act
and I love to sing.
I can tell, but two singers
on the same bill--
that's a one-way ticket
to Deadsville.
I need someone to warm
up the audience for me.
You know, a comic.
A comic?
who can make people laugh.
A comedian. Someone
my brother tells me
I can do that--
people are always
laughing at me.
Well, that may be true
but this is a holosuite program,
capisce?
So?
So, you're not a hologram.
Life can be so unfair.
Vic, you got a minute?
Forget it.
He's not hiring.
What's wrong with him?
Show biz. It can
break your heart.
So, what can I do
for you, pally?
Uh, did you get
a chance to make
those audio
recordings for me?
All your favorite hits.
That's great.
Thanks, Vic.
My pleasure.
These songs are 400 years old.
You sure the troops
on the front lines
want to hear them?
Well, the songs may be old
but when you sing them,
they sound brand new.
Hey, when you
put it that way
I wish I was going on
the supply run with you.
I could make some
personal appearances.
Sing a few songs,
tell a few jokes.
You know, put on
a regular USO show.
there are no holosuites
I'm afraid
where we're going.
Rom's right.
Life can be unfair.
You know, pally
sometimes being
a hologram
in the asometric photons.
can be a real pain
I'll see you when I get back.
Well, you know where to find me.
( door opening )
I thought I might
find you here.
The new security protocols
you requested.
I think that's
what I'm going
to remember most
about this war--
casualty reports.
looking through
Sometimes it feels like
that's all I do...
stare at the names
of the dead.
When the war started,
I read every name.
I felt it was the
least I could do
to honor their
sacrifices.
But now...
the names have begun
to blur together.
Well, that's
understandable.
Maybe.
Ops to Captain Sisko.
KIRA ( on com ):
Go ahead.
The Defiant is ready
for departure.
On my way.
Why me?
Why did he have to send me?
I'm like a son to him.
EZRI:
Quark, you're
mumbling again.
I'm sorry.
It's...
it's just not fair.
I have responsibilities
of my own
customers who depend on me.
But the Grand
Nagus picked you
for this assignment.
Some assignment...
a fact-finding mission
to the front lines.
Starfleet Intelligence reports.
Zek's already inundated with
What could I tell him
that he doesn't know?
Maybe he wants
to hear things
from a Ferengi
perspective.
Then let him ask Nog.
The Nagus trusts you.
What are you
trying to do?
Cheer me up?
It's my job.
Remember the 34th Rule
of Acquisition.
"War is good for business."
Only from a distance.
The closer you are
to the front lines
the less profitable it gets.
( explosion )
( alarm blares )
What is that?
Stay here.
Wait! Don't leave!
This is no time
to be wandering
the corridors.
I thought the Chin'toka System
was in Federation hands.
It is, but the Dominion
is determined
to take back
their territory.
The whole system's
a battleground.
( yells )
Thank you.
I should probably
write this down.
Mr. O'Brien, keep an eye out
for more Jem'Hadar ships.
Aye, sir.
What are you doing
here, Uncle?
I'm... visiting.
I'm working.
Quark, is there something
we can do for you?
Not really.
I just came by to say
hello to my nephew.
All right. You've
just said hello.
Anybody here who would
like to join me
in the mess hall
for a raktajino?
Quark.
I'm just leaving.
Sir, I assure you that
won't happen again.
Nog, your uncle's just
a little nervous.
He's not used to being
in a combat situation.
That's no excuse.
Captain, the supplies
are ready for transport.
WORF:
AR-558
has acknowledged
your message.
They are expecting you.
Away team,
you're with me.
Mr. Worf, she's
all yours.
WORF:
Aye, sir.
Not much to look at, is it?
Those are Federation phasers.
Hold your fire!
I'm Captain Benjamin Sisko
of the USS Defiant.
You heard him!
WOMAN:
Cease fire, damn it!
We're coming out!
Who told you
to open fire?
I saw movement.
I thought it was
the Jem'Hadar.
They look like
Jem'Hadar to you?
I gave the word
to hold your fire;
that Starfleet Officers
were beaming down
with supplies.
Well, nobody told me.
( sighs )
Sorry, Captain--
a little breakdown
in communications.
No harm was done.
Where's Captain Loomis?
He was killed
ten days ago.
So was
Commander Parker.
Who's in command?
I am.
Lieutenant Nadia Larkin.
Ben Sisko.
Where do you want
your supplies?
Vargas can show you.
Supplies...
that's great.
Don't they know we need
to get off
this rock?
Take it easy, Vargas.
Take it easy?
I would love to
take it easy.
Get me out of
this vole hole
and I promise you for
the rest of my life
all I'll do is
just take it easy.
to Starfleet regulations
According
we're supposed to be rotated
after 90 days. 90 days.
off the front lines
We've been stuck
on this rock
for five months, Captain.
Take it easy.
Welcome to paradise, Captain.
There it is--
the only reason
anyone gives a damn
about this place.
It's the
largest Dominion
communications array
in the sector.
If we can figure
out how it works
we should be
able to tap
into their entire
com system.
One thing's
for sure--
they're determined
to get it back.
We can't let that happen.
I know our
orders, Captain
but maybe
Starfleet Command
of our situation.
isn't aware
We've been holding this place
for five months--
that's five months
of fighting off
repeated Jem'Hadar
attempts to get it back.
When we landed here,
there were 150 of us.
We're down to 43.
I appreciate
what you've gone through
and I will make sure
that Starfleet understands
your situation
but from what I hear
our forces are spread
pretty thin in this system.
Chances are,
you're going to be stuck here
for a while longer.
Lucky us.
Can someone hand me
a duonetic coupler?
Thanks.
Your frequency
discriminator seems
to be drifting.
You might want to reset it.
You an engineer?
one of my previous hosts, was.
No... but Tobin,
Close enough.
Pick up a microdyne coupler
and start recalibrating
that transtator.
( whispering ):
Nog, shouldn't you be
helping Dr. Bashir
unload the supplies?
( whispering ):
We're pretty
much finished.
Good.
The sooner we get
out of here, the better.
That soldier over there,
you see his necklace?
Those are
ketracel-white tubes.
QUARK:
So?
You know how
he got them?
Mail order?
He took them off the bodies
of dead Jem'Hadar--
Jem'Hadar that he killed.
It's his way of
keeping score.
And you find that
impressive?
Isn't it?
I don't think so.
Take a look
around you, Nog.
This isn't
the Starfleet you know.
Sure it is.
It's just that these people
have been through a lot.
They've been holed up here
a long time...
of their unit killed
seen two-thirds
but they haven't surrendered...
and do you know why?
Because they're heroes.
Maybe, but I still
don't want you
anywhere near them.
( dismissive snort )
Let me tell you something
about hu-mans, Nephew.
They're a wonderful,
friendly people
as long
as their bellies are full
and their holosuites
are working...
but take away
their creature comforts
deprive them of food,
sleep, sonic showers...
put their lives in jeopardy
over an extended period of time
and those same, friendly,
intelligent, wonderful people
will become as nasty
and as violent
as the most
bloodthirsty Klingon.
You don't believe me?
Look at those faces.
Look in their eyes.
You know I'm right,
don't you?
Well...
aren't you going
to say something?
I feel sorry for the Jem'Hadar.
of numinol tetraminothen.
This is 20cc's
BASHIR:
That'll take care of the fever
and the chest congestion.
This... will get rid
of the dermal irritation
on your back.
Better?
Oh... are you kidding?
I haven't felt this good
since the day I landed
on this rock.
to take a look at this arm.
Good. Now, I'd like
What the hell
are you doing?
You keep your hands
off this bandage.
I need to treat your wound.
Nobody touches
this bandage.
Is that understood?
Why is that?
I asked you if
you understood.
Yes.
this bandage on me.
McGreevey put
He ripped up his own uniform
to make it.
He sounds like a good friend.
He was a jerk.
I couldn't stand
the guy.
He wouldn't shut up.
Yap, yap, yap.
He thought he was
the world's greatest authority
on everything.
and I should have more respect
I know... he's dead,
but God, I hated him.
this bandage around my arm
One minute, he's tying
talking his head off
he's lying flat on his back
and the next minute,
with a hole in his chest...
( voice breaking ):
and I just sat there
and I looked at him.
It was so great.
He was so quiet!
One time in his life,
he's quiet!
( sniffling )
to treat your wound.
I still need
( Vargas softly groaning )
I think you've set up a
solid defense perimeter
SISKO:
tighten this flank.
but you need to
Captain, can I
have a minute?
These people's physical
and mental health
is precarious at best.
They need more than
a few food replicators
and medical supplies.
They need to be
shipped out of here.
I understand that,
but right now
there's nothing I can do
about that.
( explosion )
Damn it!
( people calling out )
I saw it happen.
He was walking along...
SISKO:
You must have swept
the compound
for antipersonnel mines.
A hundred times.
It doesn't help,
not with Houdinis.
Houdinis?
Find one and you disappear.
They hide in subspace
and appear at random.
You can walk by the same
place a hundred times
and nothing happens,
and then, bang.
your breath, Vargas.
You're wasting
It's not the Captain's problem.
He's leaving.
I wish I could tell you
to get easier for you.
things were going
Don't worry about us,
Captain.
Defiant to Captain Sisko.
WORF ( on com ):
Go ahead.
Sir, we're being attacked
by two Jem'Hadar ships.
onto your coordinates.
We have locked
Are you ready for transport?
Stand by, Mr. Worf.
Captain, sensors
O'BRIEN:
show Jem'Hadar troops landing
from your position.
nine kilometers
beam you aboard now.
Sir, we must
We have to break orbit.
Take evasive action, Mr. Worf.
We're staying here.
Sir, I must ask you
to reconsider.
WORF:
be able to come back for you.
I do not know when we will
You have your orders, Commander.
Aye, sir.
WORF:
Good luck.
What are you looking at?
We have work to do.
Yes, sir.
( loudly ):
You heard the Captain.
( softer ):
Sir, what are your orders?
There's only one order,
Lieutenant.
We hold.
( tricorder beeping )
We need to find out how many
Jem'Hadar troops landed
and where they are.
Well, you're not going
to learn anything
with a tricorder.
We jam their sensors,
they jam ours.
That's how it works.
Except they have
an advantage--
they know where we are.
But that's all they know.
They don't know
our defense position
or how many of us
there are.
All things considered
I'd still rather be
in their shoes.
( whispering ):
Anything, Ensign?
Plenty. I can hear Vargas'
stomach grumbling
a phase amplifier
and Ezri tuning
with a coil spanner in
the communications bunker.
What about the Jem'Hadar?
Not a sound.
they're being very quiet.
If they're out there,
They're out there.
high-pitched whirring )
( intermittent
( whirring )
Keep your ears open, Ensign.
I will, sir.
See anything?
Uh-uh.
That knife you're working on...
it's not
Starfleet issue.
Can I see it?
You're supposed to be listening
for the Jem'Hadar.
I know.
Then shut up and listen.
LARKIN:
Here they come.
There's something wrong.
They're not firing.
Hold your fire!
Wh-where'd they go?
They weren't here to begin with.
SISKO:
Holograms.
I don't understand.
It was a way for them to see
what they were up against
determine our numbers.
And pinpoint our positions.
any casualties-- smart.
Without risking
( sighing ):
Oh, yeah. They're
smart, all right
and we're as
good as dead!
Not yet we aren't.
Is it over?!
SISKO:
For now.
But the next time
they won't send holograms.
( explosion )
Get that stretcher.
Let's get him to the Infirmary.
Does that mean we stop
EZRI:
the communications array?
working on
They'll have to get along
without you for a while.
We have to find the Houdinis
and disarm them.
I'm all for that.
These mines are a nasty piece
of engineering.
They're also impossible
to detect.
I'm sorry, Captain
but I'm an engineer,
not a magician.
you like a challenge.
Larkin says
but after banging my head
I thought I did,
communications array
against that
for the last few months,
I'm not so sure anymore.
EZRI:
He's just being
modest, Captain.
Chief O'Brien would be proud
to have him on his crew.
I can't think of higher praise.
( clears throat )
Now what?
Now we get to pull a rabbit
out of our hat.
( panting )
Here.
You need to keep
your strength up.
Thanks, Uncle, but I
can get my own food.
What's the matter?
Afraid of looking weak
in front of the hu-mans?
I want to earn
their respect
if that's what
you mean.
At the price of your soul?
Look at you--
you hold that phaser rifle
as if it were made
of pure latinum.
We're in the middle of a war
can keep me alive.
and this rifle
I'm a Starfleet Officer.
You're a Ferengi
you'd start acting like one.
and I wish
You mean, hiding under a rock
every time trouble starts?
I'll tell you one thing,
Nephew--
if the Federation had listened
to the Ferengi Alliance
there never would have been
a war.
surrendered a long time ago.
Because we would have
No. We would have reached
an accommodation.
across a negotiation table
We would have sat down
and hammered out
a peace treaty.
One that both sides
could live with.
You make it sound so simple.
Rule of Acquisition 125:
"You can't make a deal
if you're dead."
SISKO:
Nog.
I'm sending you,
Larkin and Reese
out on a scouting patrol.
Yes, sir.
I need to know what
I'm up against--
how many Jem'Hadar
are out there
where they're camped
and what kind of weapons
they have with them.
When do we leave?
Right away.
QUARK:
Hold on a minute!
Why Nog, when you have
all these veterans
to choose from?
No one asked
your opinion.
Our tricorders
aren't working.
But my hearing is.
SISKO:
Exactly.
You can count on me, sir.
I'll find the Jem'Hadar.
LARKIN:
Let's go.
Nog, wait a minute...
He has his orders, Quark.
That is so easy
for you to say.
But I bet you wouldn't
send Jake out there.
Jake is not a
Starfleet Officer.
( clicking )
( beeping )
You did it.
Actually, I'm not sure
it was me.
It could have been
Tobin or Jadzia.
It doesn't matter.
The point is, you managed
to cut through
the jamming signals.
Unfortunately,
I can't extend its range
past a hundred meters.
That's enough to scan
the entire compound.
Now the question is:
How do we calibrate
the tricorder
to locate the mines
in subspace?
( sighing )
Maybe we could try
cross-linking
the optronic
and isodyne relays.
you're not an engineer?
You're sure
In nine lives, I've been
a little of everything.
doesn't that get confusing?
Doesn't that...
You have no idea.
Really.
I'll give you an example.
This is my first time
on the front lines.
You're talking about Ezri now?
Right.
But Torias, Curzon and Jadzia,
they were in battle many times
what that felt like.
and I can remember
I remember the fear
and the anger
and the adrenaline surge.
Having someone else's memories
of being in combat is one thing.
Living through it yourself...
is another.
I suppose I'm going to find out.
You'll do fine.
This is close enough, Nog.
LARKIN:
What is it?
What's going on?
It's time to go.
Right.
Let's go.
Psst!
( yells )
( high-pitched scream )
VARGAS:
Someone's coming!
Don't shoot!
It's me-- Reese!
SISKO:
Stretcher!
Nog!
What happened?!
REESE:
Jem'Hadar patrol.
Larkin?
She's dead.
Damn!
The Ferengi found
the encampment.
It's three kilometers
south of here.
How many troops?
Two columns.
How we ever going
to hold off two columns?
We'll have to even
out the odds.
Any ideas?
I'm working on it.
Captain...
( breathing heavily )
...the kid did all right.
The doctor doesn't want
anybody in there.
Well, how's Nog?
to care about that, isn't it?
It's a little late for you
Quark...
He's going to lose his leg.
Does that answer your question?
Now what happens?
You will be able
to replace the leg,
won't you?
As soon as we can get him
to a hospital
with a biosynthetic limb.
he can be fitted
uh... may be complications.
Unfortunately, there,
What's that supposed to mean?
Nog suffered
to his femoral motor nerves,
severe thermal damage
and I'm not sure
they'll be able
artificial muscle tissue.
to stimulate
In fact, there's
no way of knowing
until after the operation
has been performed.
I have to get inside.
We've got to get Nog
to a hospital.
We will as
soon as we can.
That's not good enough.
I'm sorry.
Sorry?
If you really
cared about Nog
you'd never have sent him
out on that patrol.
Now you listen
to me, Quark
because I'm only going
to say this one time.
I care about Nog
and every solider
under my command,
understood?
Every single one.
Captain...
At ease, Ensign.
I'm sorry, sir.
About what?
About Larkin.
I led her right into a trap.
You found the Jem'Hadar camp.
I... I heard them coming,
but it was too late.
There was all this phaser fire
and I went down...
Nog...
...before
I could...
...listen to me.
You followed orders.
what you were trained to do.
You did
I'm proud of you.
Thank you, sir.
It doesn't hurt.
You'd think it would,
but it doesn't.
I'm glad.
I'm going to be fine.
Captain...
the communications array--
it's worth it, right?
I hope to God it is.
EZRI:
Benjamin, sorry
to interrupt.
We're ready.
Remember, no one moves
until I say so.
Go ahead, Lieutenant.
Now all we have to do
is figure out
how to disarm them.
We're not going
to disarm them.
We're going to use them.
This is their camp,
this is ours.
There are mountains
to the east and west
which means they have to come
through this ravine
to get to us.
Then that's
where we'll
relocate the mines.
KELLIN:
Moving them
shouldn't be
too difficult.
Delicate, but
not difficult.
to reprogram them
I also want you
so that they're triggered
by movement.
Make sure it's lots of movement.
We want that ravine
full of Jem'Hadar
when those Houdinis
start to go off.
I think we can manage that.
REESE:
That should
take out
a third of
their forces.
What's the matter, old man?
Don't you think
it'll work?
It's not that.
It's just that a few hours ago,
we thought of these mines
as the kind of
ruthless weapon
only the Dominion
would use, but now...
a whole lot friendlier.
They become
Sooner or later, the Jem'Hadar
through those barricades
are going to come
the fewer there are
and when they do,
the better our chances
of survival.
You have your orders.
Power packs.
Did you hear that?
I didn't hear anything.
Relax. When
they get here,
you'll know it.
Power packs.
( rhythmic clicking )
I'm sorry.
got a little nervous.
My, uh, thumb
I know how you feel.
I wonder
if the Jem'Hadar get jittery
before a battle.
I wouldn't count on it.
♪ In that small... ♪
VIC ( recorded ):
What the hell is that?
Shh, listen.
♪ ...park across the way ♪
♪ The children's carousel ♪
♪ The chestnut trees ♪
♪ The wishing well ♪
♪ I'll be seeing you ♪
♪ In every lovely summer's day ♪
that's bright and gay ♪
♪ In everything
think of you that way... ♪
♪ I'll always
Your idea?
Yeah, I thought we could all use
a little Vic Fontaine
right about now.
How's Nog?
There isn't much
I can do for him
until I get him back
to the station.
I take it you were able
to move the mines.
Put it this way, I wouldn't go
through that ravine tonight.
for a stroll
I wasn't planning on it
but then again
I wasn't planning on being here.
( song continues )
you've done that before.
I can see
Too many times.
Funny... I joined Starfleet
to save lives.
♪ ...when the night is new... ♪
( distant explosion )
♪ I'll be looking at the moon ♪
♪ But I'll be seeing you. ♪
( explosions continue )
( song ends )
Maybe they're not coming.
Maybe they're turning back.
Maybe we got them all.
( distant cries and howls )
( howling grows louder )
Fire!
( groans )
( yells )
( grunting )
( yelling )
( grunts )
( yells )
( battle sounds continue )
( grunting )
( sighs )
( groans )
Kellin?
Kellin?!
( yells )
( grunts )
( groans )
( sighs )
You alive?
Captain...
are you with us?
I think so.
We held.
Those were our orders, sir.
Captain.
Yes, Mr. Worf.
The USS Veracruz
has entered orbit.
They're beaming down
troop replacements
and an engineering crew.
What about our people?
Dr. Bashir is aboard
the Veracruz
with Nog and the
rest of the wounded.
They will be taken to a
hospital on Starbase 371.
Good.
to the Defiant shortly.
I'll return
This was a
great victory
one worthy of
story and song.
It cost enough.
This way.
You two, sector four.
Children.
Not for long.
Ready?
Let's go.
Sisko to Defiant.
Three to beam up.
Sir, the latest casualty reports
have just been posted.
How many this time?
Including the troops lost
at AR-558-- 1,730.
Seventeen hundred thirty...
It's a lot of names.
They're not just names.
we remember that.
It's important
We have to remember.